OKTA-562221 Update SCIM reference docs with example (#3853)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/scim/scim-20/index.md

If these three requirements are met, Okta sends a request to add the specified users to the Group object on the SCIM server.

> * For all new OIN app integrations, this request to update a Group object is sent through a PATCH method request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For all new OIN app integrations, a PATCH method request is used to update a Group object. For example:
```

    ```http
    PATCH /scim/v2/Groups/abf4dd94-a4c0-4f67-89c9-76b03340cb9b HTTP/1.1
    User-Agent: Okta SCIM Client 1.0.0
    Authorization: <Authorization credentials>

    {
        "schemas": ["urn:ietf:params:scim:api:messages:2.0:PatchOp"],
        "Operations": [{
            "op": "remove",

>             "path": "members[value eq \"89bb1940-b905-4575-9e7f-6f887cfb368e\"]"

Reviewer: @williamyang-okta do we need to explain that we are removing a member here, and adding a different member to the group in this example?

Reviewer 2: I feel it's pretty clear, not needed.

            },
            {
            "op": "add",
            "path": "members",
            "value": [{
                "value": "23a35c27-23d3-4c03-b4c5-6443c09e7173",
                "display": "test.user@okta.local"
            }]
        }]
    }
    ```

> * For custom app integrations created using the AIW, this request to update a Group object is sent through a PUT request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For custom app integrations created using the AIW, a PUT method request is used to update a Group object. For example:
```
